## Actions and Workflows

This repo makes use of Github Actions. This doc details the actions and
workflows that we run.

### Actions

#### bundle

The bundle action is a node script that will check the built bundle file
size and report the results as an action output called `bundle_report`.

#### coverage-report

The coverage-report action will read in the coverage report generated by
jest, format it appropriately, and return the results in an action output
called `test_coverage`.

#### commenter

The commenter actions will read in the `bundle_report` and `test_coverage`
outputs and comment them as a full report on the raised PR. If the job is
re-run, it will edit its own comment.

### Workflows

#### java-pr-jobs

This workflow will simply run a `mvn package` which will run the appropriate
build and tests when a pull request is made/committed to.

#### node-pr-jobs

This workflow is for all jobs related to the UI that need to be run on a pull
request. This includes building, testing, linting and deploying storybook.

#### node-deploy-storybook

This workflow will automatically update the storybook hosted on Github pages
when a push is made to master.

#### git-commit-lint

This workflow will lint all commit messages made on a branch that is in a pull
request.

#### github-build-release

This workflow will, on push of a new `semver` tag to `master`, create a new 
github release, and create a build of the Starter app using the commit which
was tagged. A git tag can be created as follows:

```
git tag <semver version here>
```

followed by:

```
git push origin <semver version here>
```

This will then trigger the action. The release will use the tag as it's version
number, and display the tagged commit's message as the description of the 
release.